1) start making the first models (emphasis on uplinking first)
2) start static html-ing the sites. we'll merge the the skeleton html and the art html later
3) start making the other apps
4) start research into methods of creatnig server (e.g. A P A C H E)

FIX THE FUCKING IMAGE SHIT

add social media stuff:
nstagram @nydkcdivision11		Snapchat @nydkc11		Facebook Page :New York District Key Club Division 11		Facebook Group: [NYDKC] Division 11Sent on:10:01 pmFrom:floralei0101 Google Group: NYDKC Division 11


6.4.17: i'm gonna stop work on the divisional boardmember page for now to work on the central blog system, which will be the website's true core.
6.8.17: postpone video and image support to prioritize completion of the tutorial, and started contact us form to practice forms
continue progress on the blog (MAINLY YOUTUBE)
6.9.17: freeze progress to focus on net database setup
begin artistic drafting of what the pages will look like
6.17.17: views written for resources, and updated blog views to implement links better
6.18.17: finished writing views, research continuing on upload issue, experimented with template extensions
Hit a bit of a problem with inheritance efforts: i was trying to make this code overlap a 'parent class,' but in the main section class, this parent class appears in the section that's supposed to get bundled into a block, which is IN TURN supposed to be re-plugged back into the parent class. Inception. Submitted to Stack Overflow.
6.19.17: bug still not addressed on SO. Surged progress on specific features (e.g. database building). rebuilt "about" app, and dropped "ProjectS" implementation for future. 
6.20.17: original problem for bug was rendered irrevalent. completed contact, forms, and resources page (minus the three critical problems). completed databases for about, but submitted image upload problem to S.O. Began integration of HOME PAGE


6.23.17: kickstarting transition to server

start doing research on the following:
	-cross google drive implemetnation (for divisonal photos) (LOW PRIORITY GOAL FOR NOW!)
	-linking templates together
	-creating home pages
	-django and apache implementation
	-cross work with server (either hosting externaly using an FTP client or hosting directly at home using computer)
	-domain name capture
begin initial work on:
	-determing additional pages required

	-designing pages (with bootstrap and everything)


